Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm
[birds chirping]
[zombie growling]
[body thuds]
[flies buzzing]
[Riri] Anybody else concerned
about the lack of zombies here?
[Kate] Eh. Predators tend to move on
when the food does.
Awesome.
[whispers] Look what I found.
-[aircraft engine rumbling]
-[explosions in distance]
-Whoa! Was that a Quinjet?
-[both] Quinjet.
Model 36 XT.
-God. you're good.
-[chuckles]
Come on. We're going after it.
-[Kamala] Could there be survivors?
-[Riri] Probably not.
But that bird has got to be full of gear.
All right. we gotta move quick.
If we heard it. he did. too.
There's nothing in here.
I wouldn't be so sure.
[digital trilling]
There we go.
I'm getting a signature from the cockpit.
[Kamala] Uh...
Is he. like. dead dead?
-Yeah. looks that way.
-[Riri] Hmm.
There's something in his stomach.
Could be important?
Important enough to swallow? Really?
Yeah. maybe he was trying to hide it.
Hmm. One of us has to get it.
And it's not gonna be me
because I did the last gross thing.
-Okay.
-[Kamala sighs]
-One. two. three. go!
-One. two. three. go! Again.
One. two. three. go!
-There's no way.
-Okay. I get it.
-We live together.
-Seriously.
-Okay.
-One more go?
-One. two. three. go!
-[groans]
-Why does this always happen to me?
-You got it.
-Did you plan this?
-I believe in you.
[Kate] What do you see? Is it gross?
Oh. I see everything. Way too much.
[Kate] Smells bad.
What... Wait. I think...
I think I found something.
Uh...
What is this?
-[zombie growls]
-[Kamala gasps]
-Come on.
-I mean. you looked so dead!
-[laughter]
-Riri. he looked dead!
Ah. shoot. that was crazy.
Why don't you put your hands
in the zombie guts next time?
[laughing] No way.
-[explosion]
-[Kate grunts]
F.R.I.D.A.Y.!
[gasps] Hawkeye.
Whoa! [gasps]
On my mark.
Go.
[whispering] F.R.I.D.A.Y.?
F.R.I.D.A.Y.. are you okay?
[F.R.I.D.A.Y.] System's overloaded.
Powering down for repairs.
Whew. She's still kicking.
[gasps] Damn!
-[Hawkeye groans]
-Move. move. move!
Come on. let's go! Let's go!
[Hawkeye growls]
Kamala. shields!
Oh. awesome. I got a trick arrow.
Good time to use it. huh?
Are you kidding?
I got to save it for a special occasion.
[Hawkeye growling softly]
[Kamala] Stove's nice and hot tonight.
It was a sunny day.
We didn't have to run the condenser.
If only solar panels made food.
then we'd never have to leave.
Sorry. your mom thought of everything.
Well. she lived her life
expecting something bad to happen.
I guess she was right.
Yeah.
[Kamala] Hmm.
Maybe she just had a feeling
like the one my nani had
that made her send me my bangle.
Hey. Riri has us all beat. stealing armor
from Tony Stark's headless body.
He wasn't using it.
[device chimes. beeping]
-Oh. cool.
-What are we looking at?
It's a transmitter.
Very hardcore.
Subspace amplifiers
for cross-galactic broadcasts.
oscillating at a frequency
I've never seen before.
But it's so small.
I don't think it is.
I mean. it's small now.
but it wasn't built at this size.
It's radiating quantum isotopes.
so most likely it's been...
Shrunk.
Why didn't you point at me?
I... knew that.
So who shrunk a subspace transmitter
to the size of a jawbreaker?
[F.R.I.D.A.Y.] Allow me.
[Riri] The firmware
is cobbled together S.H.I.E.L.D. code
with location-dependent
quantum encryption.
I need one of their motherboards
to fully crack it. but from the metadata.
this was part of something
called Project Lifeshot.
a last-ditch effort to save the planet
from the zombie plague.
Some people thought
this thing could save the world?
Some very smart people. yes.
We have to get it to a S.H.I.E.L.D. base.
I don't really think
they have those anymore.
I thought so too.
The S.H.I.E.L.D. network is in tatters.
but I'm getting a ping from Ohio.
You're on the S.H.I.E.L.D. network?
Wait. how?
Because I'm me. [chuckles]
That's it. We have to get
this thing to people who can use it.
You mean leave? [exhales heavily]
No. We have everything we need here.
Except hope of any kind.
-You can't eat hope.
-Hmm. true.
Well. you can't hide from it either.
That's not what the Avengers would do.
-Yeah. that's also true.
-Your favorite Avenger tries to eat you
-every time we go into the city.
-Yeah. he totally does.
If there's even a tiny chance
that transmitter can help people.
we have to get it to where it's going.
I mean. she kind of has a point.
I put the chances
of making it to Ohio at 5%.
-Five?
-If we're all together. us three?
Okay. ten.
[gasps] And if we take the sweet ride
you've been wrenching on every night?
The Uhura?
Okay. 20.
And do not forget about my trick arrow.
Yeah. I'm gonna hold strong at 20.
Sold. 20 it is. When do we leave?
Come on!
The Uhura deserves her maiden voyage.
Oh. fine. Let's go save the world.
Oh. yeah! Maiden voyage
of the USS Uhura. baby!
Engage. number one.
[zombies growling]
Avenger. through me.
a gift from your queen.
Become her hand...
Become her scion.
[Kamala] I spy something green.
-[Kate] I swear. if it is another tree...
-No. of course not. Come on.
[Kamala] It was a bush.
[Kate] A bush? Of course. it's a bush.
Of course. Right.
[clears throat] Okay. my turn.
Uh. I spy... Hmm. I spy...
[brakes screeching]
Dude!
What did that?
I... I have no idea.
Really? Nothing?
Yeah. Don't get used to it.
Well. we were gonna have
to drive over that range.
-There should be more mountain there.
-Hmm. Yeah.
-I'll alert the park service.
-[both laugh]
Oh. shut up. Kate.
Yeah. we're taking the shortcut.
[Kamala] All right. this is weird.
There's. like. nothing here.
[Kate] You think the zombies did this?
Well. if I see one.
I'm gonna pull over and ask.
[laughs]
Oh. not bad. Riri.
[thunder rumbling]
What's a S.H.I.E.L.D. base doing
in Ohio anyway?
Hiding. That's what S.H.I.E.L.D. does.
[chuckles softly] Yeah.
The storm is kind of beautiful.
Oh. wow.
I used to love watching them.
safe inside my room.
[sighs]
Weird. I haven't felt safe in so long.
You're right. This feels nice.
And it's not just because
we're basically in a tank.
You're welcome.
It's because we're not hiding anymore.
[Riri] Mmm-hmm.
Are those clouds getting closer?
Yeah. they are.
This isn't normal.
Clouds don't move that fast.
-[lightning crashes]
-Riri. drive faster.
-[tires screeching]
-[engine revving]
[Kate] What the hell? Look out!
-[Riri] That was close!
-[Kamala] Drive faster! Drive faster!
-Come on! Go. go. go!
-[Riri] Whoa!
[Kamala] Seriously.
I thought this thing had power.
[Kate] Look out!
[tires screeching]
[all scream]
[Kamala grunting]
-Are... y'all okay?
-[grunting] Oh. yeah.
[both grunting. panting]
[device powers on]
Where's F.R.I.D.A.Y.?
F.R.I.D.A.Y.?
F.R.I.D.A.Y.. report.
-[distant explosion]
-[Kamala gasps]
Come on. let's go. let's go!
[all grunting. panting]
[Kamala] Oh. God. Oh. God.
[all grunting]
Oh. God! What is happening?
[all panting]
I guess our shortcut
was too good to be true.
You think the storm is what tore a hole
in that mountain range?
Not a terrible hypothesis. Kamala.
I don't know what this is.
but this is definitely no storm.
Hey. do you... Hey. hey. hey. there!
There. look. look.
Y'all see that?
Are those people?
[gasps]
[breathing heavily] Oh. God.
-[zombies growling]
-Oh. my God!
[Riri] Look alive. people.
Here we go.
[Kate] Stay tight. Keep your positions.
[Kate grunting]
Delta formation. Go!
[zombies groaning]
-[F.R.I.D.A.Y.] Combat function restored.
-[Riri] Yes!
There's my girl. Let's go!
-[zombies growling]
-[Kamala grunting]
[gasps]
-[gasps] Zombie.
-[F.R.I.D.A.Y.] Negative.
The being is inorganic
and heavily damaged.
[Zombie Captain Marvel growls]
That is a zombie.
-Hell no!
-Move. move. move.
[zombies growling]
[Zombie Captain Marvel grunting]
[growls]
Let's see what this baby's got.
[Riri grunts]
[growls]
[party horns blowing]
Shit.
[Kamala gasping]
Kate! No! No! No!
-Kamala. stop! [grunting]
-[zombies growling]
[grunts]
Oh. this is not how I wanted to test this.
[grunting]
[screaming]
[continues screaming]
[Riri] No. no. no! Oh. God!
[Kamala grunting]
F.R.I.D.A.Y.. take this
and get Kamala out of here.
-[F.R.I.D.A.Y.] But Ms. Williams...
-Now. F.R.I.D.A.Y.!
Riri. please! No!
Please. F.R.I.D.A.Y.. take me back.
-[F.R.I.D.A.Y.] I can't do that. Ms. Khan.
-[gasps]
-Run due west. get to Ohio.
-Wait. what?
It's up to you now.
Where are you going?
I lost my first owner.
I won't lose another.
Take me with you. please.
They need my help. F.R.I.D.A.Y.!
F.R.I.D.A.Y.. come back!
[gasps] Oh. God.
[grunting]
-Oh. my God!
-[growling]
Oh. God. Oh. God.
[grunts]
[gasping]
[gasps]
[breathing heavily] Oh. my God! Guys!
Huh?
Guys?
-[gasps]
-[growling]
[gasping]
[screams. gasping]
Who are you? What did...
What... What are you?
[gasping] What do you want from me?
They call me Blade.
I want to go to Mexico
and drink a margarita.
but Khonshu wanted me
to race across the country
and help the fools
that went into that valley.
Kate... Riri...
Please. please take me back.
They need my help.
Your friends are gone. You should be. too.
Shut up! Shut up!
Don't say that. Take me back!
No. That's the Valley of the Broken Gods.
Uh. Broken Gods?
What are you talking about?
Two beings of immense power.
each unable to beat the other.
pausing only to destroy those dumb enough
to get their attention.
How do you know all this?
I don't. but Khonshu does.
just as he knows the value
of the device you carry.
My friends died for this.
If you think you're just gonna be able
to take it from me. I...
Khonshu is a friend of the night traveler.
We'll take you to Ohio.
Just like that?
Just like that.
So Khonshu is your imaginary friend?
A friend of a friend.
His avatar was lost in the plague.
Now the deity acts through me.
So you're. like. half god?
My bangle's magic.
Cool.
We are here.
We'll be found soon.
Found? By S.H.I.E.L.D.?
No.
[zombies growling]
[female voice over megaphone]
State your business.
Who said that?
State your business!
We're looking for the North Institute.
Hmm. Okay. follow the path.
[Kamala] Uh...
Don't worry. they will not bite.
[zombies growling]
-Hmm. I don't trust them.
-Lower your fist. There is no need.
How are you doing that?
A neurological agent
developed to control humans.
Works even better on zombies.
They provide camouflage for our home.
She used to have pigs.
The zombies ate them.
Why the cape and the glowing eyes?
I am the avatar of Khonshu.
the Egyptian God of the Moon.
Mmm. I'm sorry I asked.
We don't get many warm-blooded guests.
What brings you here?
Um. so we found this
in a Quinjet crash in New York.
We know it's part of some
S.H.I.E.L.D. plan to stop the plague.
but can't really see what it does
without a S.H.I.E.L.D. motherboard.
[chuckling] Hey...
we have a S.H.I.E.L.D. motherboard.
[chuckles awkwardly] Yeah...
Yeah. that's. um. why we're here.
Will you please help us?
[Melina] Hmm. the device emits
an encrypted subspace frequency
specifically designed to contact
an intergalactic authority
called the Nova Corps.
[sighs] So Riri was right.
Why call space people?
S.H.I.E.L.D. believed they have
the technology to heal our world.
Great. Turn it on. Let's save the world.
Uh. yes. Yes. Good... good ideas.
We can't.
Fallout from the Wakanda events
scatter signals in our atmosphere.
No radio waves get out or make it in.
The broadcast would have to be
from outside our atmosphere.
-Um. what. like space?
-Exactly. That was the plan.
But just before deployment could happen.
their base was overrun by a zombie horde.
They must have miniaturized it
with Pym Particles to smuggle it out.
They must have been desperate.
Yep. Desperate enough
to swallow it afterwards.
Ugh. How do you know that?
-Uh. just trust me.
-[groans]
Look. what's important
is that Kate and Riri were right.
-and this device could change everything.
-If we get it outside the atmosphere.
Outer space.
Oh-ho. That should be easy.
I'll just build this girl
and her strange friend a rocket.
Hmm? This is ridiculous.
Maybe Khonshu man can take it to space.
Can you go to space. Khonshu man?
[Blade] Shh.
Quiet. They have found us.
-What?
-[alarm blaring]
Who found us?
The zombie horde.
[system beeping]
[Alexei] Hmm. it's just one person.
There's no horde.
You call one zombie a horde?
No. it's the red eyes I am noticing.
Hmm. Is she with you?
She is a scion of the Queen.
What queen?
The Queen of the Dead.
Wanda Maximoff.
Uh...
The... The Avenger?
What we seek is here.
[zombies growling]
[shrieks]
Captain America.
Finally. the battle
they will sing about for ages.
Hey. Daddy. look. there's the horde.
I think this is what they want.
-Battle stations!
-Yes. my daughters.
The battle is here.
The battle is now!
[beeps]
Will we protect our adopted land?
Yes!
Will the zombies taste our noble flesh?
[Widows] No!
-[beeps]
-[zombies growling]
Will the undead gnaw our righteous bones?
[both] No!
-[growls]
-[zombies growling]
Will their rotting flesh stain
our sacred home?
-Hell no!
-No!
Will we return the damned
to their lonely graves?
-Damn right. we will.
-Yes!
Hold.
-Will we send them to darkness hungry?
-[both] Yes!
Hold.
This is not the night we fall!
Now!
Boom. boom. boom!
Boom. boom!
[laughing]
[zombie growling]
Dude. is it over?
Did we... Did we just win?
-Not yet.
-[beeping]
[zombies growling]
[growls]
[spear thuds]
[growling]
[zombies growling]
Sector 94 breached. They're on the roof.
We're on it.
[blows raspberry]
[growling]
[chuckles] The Captain is in the ducts.
My destiny has arrived.
He's drawn to me. his equal.
Tries to surprise me.
[laughs] I hear you.
[Zombie Captain America growls]
-[shrieks]
-[grunts]
[shrieks]
Where's the other half of you?
[zombies growling]
Bismillah.
[grunts]
[Alexei] Huh?
[grunts softly]
[both grunting]
[grunting]
-[spear thuds]
-[growls]
Don't let that thing reach the base.
[groans]
[both grunting]
[yelps]
That's crazy! Biting is cheating.
I'm holding back a siege here.
-Need a hand?
-[grunting continues]
Go to... hell!
[panting] I did it.
The song will be glorious.
No one will sing songs about that.
[spear thuds]
[Widows grunting]
[growls]
[alarms beeping]
The daughters are down. Initiate plan 42.
Fight and retreat.
Let's go.
-[Melina panting]
-[zombies growling]
[zombies approaching]
-Melina.
-Protect the girl.
She holds the future in her hands.
My winter bear!
No!
[device beeping]
[Alexei grunting]
No. my winter bear. no.
-Come on.
-[zombies growling]
-Come on. come on.
-[rapid beeping]
Come on!
[zombies stop growling]
The dead.
they follow you?
No. they follow science.
Meet those who follow the Queen.
[zombies growling]
[gasps]
-Duck.
-What?
Duck.
[Zombie Ghost growling]
[groans]
Whoa! That's how you do that. then.
Wow!
[heavy footsteps approaching]
Time to go.
-[engine starts]
-[tires screeching]
-[growls]
-[Kamala gasping]
[remote beeps]
Mama? Mama!
She's gone.
[breathes heavily]
We honor her with every breath we take.
No. We will honor her
by taking this planet back from the dead.
Your device.
we're taking it to space.
Thank you.
But we don't have a ship.
I know where to find one.
Do you want subtitles for any video?
-=[ ai.OpenSubtitles.com ]=-